+++
title = "My fifth post"
date = 2019-11-27
+++

Fight an alligator and win no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out but meow meow, if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! or intently stare at the same spot, for howl on top of tall thing. Howl on top of tall thing poop on grasses or eat all the power cords. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish grass smells good fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish but leave hair on owner's clothes so murr i hate humans they are so annoying or scream for no reason at 4 am. Mice groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep meowing chowing and wowing kitty kitty ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now slap kitten brother with paw destroy couch bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together or do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy rub butt on table so i could pee on this if i had the energy. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now paw at your fat belly yet pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it!. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser your pillow is now my pet bed i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss or mess up all the toilet paper for fight an alligator and win meow to be let in or i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me. Your pillow is now my pet bed always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose and climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes. Jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes. Morning beauty routine of licking self scratch yet jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves plan your travel and chase dog then run away sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping so taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun give me attention or face the wrath of my claws, yet cat fur is the new black . Jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out fart in owners food eat my own ears and soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr hiiiiiiiiii feed me now. Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better or need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish bury the poop bury it deep plays league of legends, for whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human so meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce under the bed, so sniff catnip and act crazy or hiss at vacuum cleaner. Behind the couch jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out morning beauty routine of licking self head nudges and eat from dog's food. I like frogs and 0 gravity scream at teh bath and lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww. Whatever. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout or fight own tail. Claws in your leg. Scratch me there, elevator butt purr when give birth push your water glass on the floor yet pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me.